2297 add otelcol exporter jaeger component (#2824)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

  - `loki.source.syslog` listens for Syslog messages over TCP and UDP
    connections and forwards them to other `loki` components. (@tpaschalis)
  - `loki.source.windowsevent` reads logs from Windows Event Log. (@mattdurham)

>   - `otelcol.exporter.jaeger` forwards OTLP-formatted data to compatible `jaeger`
>     receivers. (@erikbaranowski)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `otelcol.exporter.jaeger` forwards OpenTelemetry data to a Jaeger server.
    (@erikbaranowski)
```
